Baby, you really got it right.
His incompetent cat bed
I really don't even have combat power
Is it really zero?
Lin Tze, you trampled the dragon platform out
It really is a rare waste material in a hundred years
Citi month, this is what you said
A man ten thousand times stronger than me?
Dogs have better eyes than you
You surnamed Ling, it's okay to be ashamed yourself
It also implicated my adults to become a laughing stock with you
Now you are satisfied
This kid actually has the face to stand on it
I don't feel uncomfortable.
If I were him
I can't wait to find a crack in the ground to get in
Hey, you see Longtan Mountain has a reaction.
Only 1,000.
Standing on it for half a day before 1,000 stops
Is this the wine of waste wood?
Ten thousand
This kid is just like me
Just 10,000 station
What's the good view?
No wonder you're still getting started.
It's actually on the same level as me
So what?
It's not even close at all.
Blue light is already very powerful
Why doesn't this dragon fetus stop?
How can this kid be mentally retarded?
Power?
This must be the broken Longtai.
Impossible this is impossible
An ant at the bottom
How can I meet Ben Shang?
This is seven feet weak for Benshon
The battle bureau seems to be soaring up
And what is this?
Is he going to break through the million mark?
Red light swallows mountains and rivers
Blood
Occupy millions
There hasn't been a red light downstairs for a thousand years
That's so amazing.
Still not enough
And so forth.
Longtan doesn't seem to be stopping yet
I've had my reward.
God
We have certified you and I want the nine-day dragon to be born.
This is the last light
Why are you still killing?
Ah look look look
Gaizhou's change of heaven makes nothing king
Time has never seen